OXFORD SEMANTIC TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED
EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

You agree that by clicking “Download” or similar, accessing or using our
Software, you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with Oxford
Semantic Technologies Limited (even if you are downloading, accessing or using
our Software on behalf of a company, educational institution or other
organisation).

The Evaluation Licence Agreement set out below contains the terms of the
contract you are entering.

If you do not agree to this contract (“Evaluation Licence Agreement”), do not
click “Download” (or similar) and do not download, access or use our Software.

TERMS OF THE EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT

This Evaluation License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into by you on
the date when you download, access or use the Software (the “Effective Date”)
between you and Oxford Semantic Technologies Limited, a company incorporated and
registered in England and Wales with company number 10531895 whose registered
office is at Units 1&2, Field View, Baynards Green Business Centre, Baynards
Green, Bicester, Oxfordshire, OX27 7SG (“OST”).

OST and you agree as follows:

1. Definitions

Capitalised terms used in this Agreement are defined in this Section 1 or the
Section in which they are first used.

1.1 “Documentation” means any documents supporting the Software and made
available to you by OST.

1.2 “Benchmarking Information” means any data, analysis or opinion expressed in
any form whatsoever, including graphical, tabular or textual, that relates or
purports to relate to any test, evaluation, analysis or assessment of the
performance of the Licensed Product whether the Licensed Product is named or
kept anonymous and whether it is compared with any other software or not.

1.3 “Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, utility models, rights to
inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks and service marks, trade
names and domain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for
passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs, rights in computer
software, database rights, rights to preserve the confidentiality of information
(including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property
rights, including all applications for (and rights to apply for and be granted),
renewals or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from, such rights and
all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will
subsist, now or in the future, in any part of the world.

1.4  “Licensed Product” means the Software and Documentation.

1.5  “Software” means RDFox in object code form including Updates.

1.6  “Update” means a version or release of the Software intended to have
updated functionality, a software maintenance update, a patch or a bug-fix (as
indicated by 1.1, 1.2, 1.3 etc.) but not including a new release or new version
encompassing substantially new or enhanced features or functionality (as
indicated by v 2.0, 3.0 etc.).

1.7  “Working Days” means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday
in England, when banks in London are open for business.

2. Licence

2.1 Licence Grant.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, OST
hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-
transferable limited licence to use the Licensed Product solely for the purposes
of evaluation.

2.2 Restrictions.  You shall not use the Licensed Product except as expressly
authorised under this Agreement and shall not allow any third party to use the
Licensed Product.  Without limiting the foregoing, You shall not: (i) use the
Licensed Product for any commercial or for-profit purpose other than evaluation;
(ii) publicly display, publicly perform, translate or create derivative works of
the Licensed Product; (iii) distribute, sell, sublicense, trade, assign, lease,
rent, loan or otherwise transfer the Licensed Product or any part thereof and/or
copies thereof, to any third party or use the Licensed Product for the benefit
of any third party; (iv) modify, adapt, alter, copy, reverse engineer,
de-compile, or make error corrections, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to
derive the source code for the Licensed Product in whole or in part; (v) other
than in accordance with clauses 2.3, disclose any Benchmarking Information; (vi)
use the Licensed Product for any timesharing or service bureau purposes; (vii)
remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notices on the Licensed Product; or
(viii) use the Licensed Product in any manner other than as described in this
Agreement.

2.3 Publication of Benchmarking Information. If you wish to publish any
Benchmarking Information whether for academic, commercial or any other reason,
then you may apply to OST to do so. You shall contact OST at least thirty (30)
days in advance of any publication, presentation or article referencing the
Licensed Product.  In the event that you fail to receive approval from OST
regarding said use or representation of the Licensed Product, you shall not use
the name of OST, the name of the Licensed Product or any other information that
identifies OST or the Licensed Product in their publication or presentation.

2.4 Performance data. Regardless of whether you wish to publish any Benchmarking
Information, you will inform OST of achievements of using the Licensed Product
including, but not limited to, academic and/or research reports, papers,
marketing materials, presentations, blogs. OST shall have the right to disclose
the given information on its website, news release or other printed or on-line
publication.

3. Term and Termination

3.1 Term.  The term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and will
continue for the duration of the key provided to you by OST, unless sooner
terminated pursuant to this Section 3.

3.2 Termination.  Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it,
OST may terminate this Agreement immediately at OST’s sole discretion by notice
to you using the email address provided by you on applying for the key to
download the Software.

3.3 Effects of Termination.  Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement
for any reason, all rights and obligations under this Agreement shall terminate
except as specifically provided under this Section 3.3, and:
(a) you shall immediately cease any use of the Licensed Product; and,
(b) you shall destroy such Licensed Product (and all authorised copies thereof)
and provide a signed statement evidencing such destruction.

Sections 1, 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3.3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9 will survive expiration or
termination of this Agreement for any reason.

4. Proprietary Rights.

As between the parties, the Licensed Product (and any Software and Documentation
supplied therewith), including all Updates, improvements and modifications
thereof, and all Intellectual Property Rights therein, are and shall remain the
exclusive property of OST (and its suppliers and/or contractors, if any).

Except for the rights expressly granted by OST to you under this Agreement, (i) 
OST (and its suppliers and/or contractors) reserves all right, title and
interest in and to the Licensed Product and all Intellectual Property Rights
therein, and (ii) no right, title, ownership interest or license in or to the
Licensed Product whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise, is granted,
assigned or transferred to you under or in connection with this Agreement.

5. Disclaimer.  The Licensed Product and any deliverables or other materials
provided hereunder are provided “AS IS.” OST makes no other warranties and
hereby disclaims all other warranties, whether express, implied or statutory,
including the implied warranties relating to merchantability, quality, fitness
for a particular purpose, ability to achieve a particular result and reasonable
care and skill which are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law. OST does not warrant that any Licensed Product or other materials will be
provided error free or will operate without interruption to the extent that OST
can disclaim any such warranty as a matter of applicable law, the scope and
duration of such warranty will be the minimum required under such law.

6. Limitation of Liability.

Non-excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, limitations
of liability will not apply to or otherwise limit OST’s or your breach of
Sections 4 or 5, a party’s liability for death or personal injury caused by its
negligence (including that of its employees or agents); for fraud or fraudulent
misrepresentation or any other matter in respect of which it would be unlawful
to exclude or restrict liability.

7. Indemnification

7.1 You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless OST, its board of directors,
employees and agents from and against any and all liability, loss, damage,
action, claim or expense (including attorney’s fees and trial costs) in
connection with any claim, suit, action, demand or judgement (collectively,
“Claim”) alleging or involving negligence, injury or physical damage to property
arising out of your use of the Product.

8. General

8.1 Relationship of Parties.  The parties hereto are independent contractors,
including any supplier or third-party contractors required to perform services
hereunder. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to create an agency,
employment, partnership, fiduciary or joint venture relationship between the
parties. Neither party has the power or authority as agent, employee or in any
other capacity to represent, act for, bind or otherwise create or assume any
obligation on behalf of the other party for any purpose whatsoever. There are no
third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

8.2 Third Party Rights. This Agreement does not confer any rights on any person
or party (other than the parties to this agreement and, where applicable, their
successors and permitted assigns) pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third
Parties) Act 1999.

8.3 Assignments.  Neither party shall assign, transfer, charge or deal in any
other manner with all or any of its rights under this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other party, except in the event of a transfer of
all or substantially all of the party’s business assets, whether by merger, sale
of assets or otherwise, unless the assignee, transferee, or surviving entity is
a competitor of the other party, in which case the transferring party must
obtain the other party’s prior written consent.  Any attempted assignment or
transfer by either party in violation of the foregoing will be void.  Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party’s
permitted successors and assigns. Notwithstanding the aforementioned, OST may at
any time sub-contract all or any of its rights or obligations under this
Agreement.

8.4 Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement and any disputes or claims
arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation
(including non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by the laws of
England and Wales. The parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the English court to settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement or its subject matter or formation (including
non-contractual disputes or claims). This Agreement is written and will be
construed in the English language.

8.5 Remedies.  Except as specifically provided otherwise in this Agreement, the
parties’ rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative.  You
acknowledge that the Licensed Product contains valuable trade secrets and
proprietary information of OST and that any actual or threatened disclosure or
misapplication of such Licensed Product will constitute immediate and
irreparable harm to OST for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy
and for which OST will be entitled to seek injunctive relief. If any legal
action is brought to enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party will be
entitled to receive its attorneys’ fees, court costs, and other collection
expenses, in addition to any other relief it may receive.

8.6 Waivers.  All waivers must be in writing.  Any waiver or failure to enforce
any provision of this Agreement on one occasion will not be deemed a waiver of
any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

8.7 Severability.  If any provision or part-provision of this Agreement is
adjudicated to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal, such provision or
part-provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of
such provision or part-provision to the greatest extent possible under
applicable law and the remaining provisions will continue in full force and
effect. If such modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part-
provision shall be deemed deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a
provision or part-provision under this Section 8.7 shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of the rest of this Agreement.

8.8 Force Majeure.  Neither party shall be liable to the other party for any
failure or delay in performance caused by reasons beyond its reasonable control,
including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes
(whether involving the workforce of OST or any other party), failure of a
utility service or transport or telecommunications network, explosion, terrorist
attack, epidemic or other natural disaster, act of God, war, riot, civil
commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order,
rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire,
flood, storm or default of suppliers or sub-contractors (each a “Force Majeure
Event”). Each party shall provide the other party prompt, written notification
in the event it experiences any Force Majeure Event.  In the case of Force
Majeure Event, the time for performance shall be extended for the period of
delay or inability to perform due to such occurrences.

8.9 Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, and any document referred to in it,
constitutes the entire agreement between the parties regarding the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangement, understandings
and communications. Each party acknowledges that in entering into this Agreement
it does not rely on, and shall have no remedies in respect of, any undertaking,
promise, assurance, statement, representation, warranty or understanding,
whether made innocently or negligently, that is not set out in this Agreement.
Each party agrees that it shall have no claim for innocent or negligent
misrepresentation based on any statement in this Agreement.  Nothing in this
Section 8.9 shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

8.10 Variation.  This Agreement may be amended only by a written document signed
by both parties.

8.11 Order of Precedence. The terms of this Agreement will take precedence over
any conflicting provisions.
